config: validate instance/replicaset/group names (#9292)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/config-validate-names.md

## bugfix/config

> * Validate instance, replicaset, group names in config, validate `--name` CLI
>   option and `TT_INSTANCE_NAME` environment variable (gh-8862).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the validation of instance, replica set, and group names in the
  configuration, `--name` CLI option, and `TT_INSTANCE_NAME` environment
  variable (gh-8862).
```

Author: Thanks! Changed.
